A supply chain is an extended enterprise
that crosses boundaries of individual firms
to span the related activities of all the companies involved
in the total supply chain.
This extended enterprise should attempt to execute
or implement a coordinated two-way flow of goods
and services, information, and financials, especially cash.
The three flows enumerated below the illustration,
material, information, and financial,
are very important to the success
of supply chain management.
Integration across the boundaries of several organizations,
in essence, means that the supply chain needs
to function similar to one organization
in satisfying the ultimate customer, the Veteran.
Let's discuss these three flows more specifically.